add example comments outlining a way to authenticate private repos (#58)
infracost/infracost-azure-devops: examples/sentinel/README.md

      - bash: |
          branch=$(System.PullRequest.TargetBranch)
          branch=${branch#refs/heads/}

>           # uncomment the --config section if using a private git repository
>           git clone ${repouri} --branch=${branch} --single-branch /tmp/base # --config http.extraheader="AUTHORIZATION: bearer $(System.AccessToken)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Try adding the following to git clone if you're having issues cloning a private repo: --config http.extraheader="AUTHORIZATION: bearer $(System.AccessToken)"
          git clone $(Build.Repository.Uri) --branch=${branch} --single-branch /tmp/base
```

>           git clone ${repouri} --branch=${branch} --single-branch /tmp/base # --config http.extraheader="AUTHORIZATION: bearer $(System.AccessToken)"

Reviewer: What is `${repouri}`? the other instance of this change had the original `$(Build.Repository.Uri)`
